JOE：Wait a sec, I'm coming, I'm coming!
JOE：Whoo, out of...*breathes*... Hello?
Xenon：JOE! Thank goodness, you're fine.
JOE：Ah, it's you, Simon. What's up with the sudden call?
Xenon：Where are you? Why did you pick up so late?
JOE：At the Cafe. I'm testing a new cocktail recipe. I was getting the ingredients from the basement.
Xenon：Wait. So you don't know what is happening outside?
JOE：Huh? What's happening outside?
Xenon：It's an emergency situation. Check the news now...
JOE：What the hell!? An earthquake?
Xenon：Hey, what...
Cherry：Simon, folks on iM say it's starting again!
JOE：Big Sis? What's starting again?
Xenon：Quick……leave……there……
JOE：Simon, you gotta speak louder. The signal here is ...
JOE：UWAAHHH!!
Xenon：JOE!!!